Life hack: drink 13 Pumpkin Spice Lattes in a row, and your bathroom will smell just like fall!
Got caught smoking a hookah. Damn Armenian paparazzi! #ConanArmenia http://t.co/ochCoX700D
Celebrating my assistant Sona's birthday in her homeland of Armenia. http://t.co/ofwfFWdQC5 #ConanArmenia
Brought my assistant Sona home to Armenia. It was this or give her a raise. #ConanArmenia airs 11/10. http://t.co/m4beg84uHV
Here’s something you never hear. “Guess we just gotta trust Russia.”
A new book suggests that people are losing the ability to have conversations. Fav if you agree.
I am officially suggesting @AndyRichter become the new Speaker of the House. He already has a podium and he LOVES telling people to shut up.
Come clean, Sunny D. What are you?
I have a love/hate relationship with strong contradictory emotions.
A 13-year-old girl has become the world’s youngest psychologist. Each session is an hour and she takes cash, checks or Instagram likes.
Wow talk about hard living. Just found out Bernie Sanders is 41.
New York is imposing new rules for toplessness in Times Square. Guys, how many times do I have to say I was drunk and I’m sorry?
Now that the Red Sox season is over, I can turn my attention to my vintage doll collection.
The worst thing about this new iPhone 6S is that it's the exact size &amp; weight of a brick. Wait, crap, this IS a brick. Damn you, Craigslist.
I can’t believe Matt Damon is alone on Mars without Ben Affleck.
TV will get to the point where “Dating Clothed” will be a breakthrough show.
I can’t believe stores are already selling decorations for Christmas 2016.
With Trump offending Hispanics and Ben Carson offending Muslims, which GOP candidate is going to step up and take on the Amish?
Well I think we finally know what Fahrvergnügen means. It means go F yourself.
Hey Pope- want to get booed? Go to any sporting event in Philly.
The Pope has left New York and there are six towels missing from the Four Seasons.
One day after meeting the Pope, House Speaker John Boehner announced he is retiring. How do we get the Pope to meet Donald Trump?
If the Boy Scouts were smart, they’d buy cookies from the Girl Scouts then sell them for more money during the off season.
Tonight, I play #THPS5 with @TonyHawk &amp; Lil Wayne aka @LilTunechi and one of us gets a tattoo http://t.co/v4vjMqnbk7
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck with the new Woodmax Superchucker 5000? 400% more! (paid advertisement)
The new LEGO Star Wars sets give too much away! Now I know all the characters have round yellow heads.
I chopped some garlic when I was 28 and my hands still smell.
Clear something up for me— was the first Democratic debate already held over email?
I’m a little worried all the hype for “Black Mass” will affect the box office for my biopic “White Ass.”
Nicki Minaj spelled backwards sounds like the name of a cool, Swedish actor: Janim Ikcin. Was that worth it? I think so.
In times of crisis or danger I will always be right behind you, sofa.
I know exactly how Tom Cruise feels in “Mission: Impossible” whenever I’m searching for my ringing phone in a pair of cargo pants.
“Please write more ‘Said No One, Ever’ Jokes” – said no one, ever.
When’s the last time you used an automatic pencil sharpener? Give it a shot, I think you’ll be pleasantly surprised.
You can put the word “blood” in front of “oranges” and people will still eat them. Don’t even try it, bananas.
The lines are long for Six Flags’ new ride, “The Market Lately.”
The view out my childhood bedroom window in the attic. I used to look out and dream of becoming a great woman. http://t.co/XUetrY3xcV
Just saw "Hamilton" and got to meet Lin-Manuel Miranda. Easily the best show I have ever seen.  Seriously. http://t.co/eDi22oMADT
“Oh bother! I’m all out of hunny,” said Winnie the Pooh. “But bears are omnivores,” he added, leveling his gaze at Piglet.
In my entire life, I’ve never heard a single person say, “OK, who ate all the Goddamn Saltines?”
Made my wife shout "Yes!" in bed last night. (Asked her who her favorite 70's rock band was.)
The hand model in commercials who squeezes lemon juice on breaded shrimp? That’s a sweet gig.
Future archaeologists will wonder if our sports teams were named after animals or our animals were named after sports teams.
The most popular boy and girl names are “Noah” and “Emma.”  The least popular: “Conan” and “Syphillina.”
If they replace Alexander Hamilton with a woman, I’ll never put a ten in my front pocket without muttering “please close your eyes.”
Dave Grohl has done more with a broken leg than most Americans do in their lifetime.
The word “awesomesauce” is now in the dictionary.  Call me old fashioned but I’m going to stick with “sperm.”
Stephen Hawking says he’s solved a big black hole mystery. That’s great, Steve –get back to me when you’ve figured out who stole my yogurt.
Spending a quiet evening at home, just me and my Nicki Minaj wax figure.
When you have my skin, every day is #BurningMan
Sec. of Agriculture Tom Vilsack endorsed Hillary Clinton. Hillary called to say “thanks” as soon as she was done googling, “Tom Vilsack.”
I hope Guardians of the Galaxy 2 is a prequel, so Vin Diesel can spend 2 hours saying, “I will be Groot.”
.@KChenoweth Yes, you nailed it, the severe bruises over each eye are a perfect match http://t.co/P1nk8JtPnF
Those Ashley Madison users who are suing the company for breach of contract have really taken the moral flat ground.
I don’t believe in air-conditioning and neither do the people who pretend to love to work for me.
I'm tired of waking up to find paparazzi going through my garbage cans, dressed as garbage men, with a big loud garbage truck.
Don’t hate the playa, hate the game – specifically, Boggle.
Did you know that El Chapo has his own show on MSNBC?
Starbucks is starting to serve beer and wine. It’s part of their mission, “Always finding new ways to make you pee.”
Before we completely write him off as a joke, why don’t we at least find out more about the foreign policy experience of Deez Nuts?
Gangs are now facing off online. You can hear more about it in Dr. Dre’s new album, “Straight Outta Etsy.”
If you can’t wait for Saturday to see @TigNotaro's special Boyish Girl Interrupted on @HBO, watch her amazing appearance on my show tonight!
Has TV advertising gone too far? I’ll be discussing it on tonight’s CONAN with my guests, the Geico lizard and http://t.co/swRDx9DwrO.
Kanye and Kim might name their next child “Easton West.” I hope his first words are “Get it?”
I really hope “Straight Outta Compton” kept the scene where you can see me playing backup accordion at the first NWA concert.
In the office football pool, I didn’t have the Jets QB being punched out by a teammate until Week 2.
Can @realDonaldTrump refrain from campaigning on weekends, when I don’t tape a show?
Before Jeb Bush tries to reboot the Iraq War, he should talk to the folks who made “Fantastic Four.”
The Tom Brady sketch artist drew me: http://t.co/g2E3em2xsg
I just hit 3 million @YouTube subscribers, and only 1 million are close family members. http://t.co/RssyJBaaaR
Guess which one of these three is not in the movie #StraightOuttaCompton?@IceCube @CaliforniaHeir http://t.co/2EASNKXXKp
Marshmallow maker Peeps will have fall flavors including candy corn and pumpkin spice. To save time, I’m gonna throw up now.
Astronomers are trying to understand Jupiter’s big red spot. And why it, typically, just had to show up the night before Jupiter’s prom.
It’s not that I don’t care about the Drake/Meek Mill feud - it’s that I care TOO MUCH.
Nobody spoil the presidential race for me – I’m planning to just binge-watch it in 2017.
Am I the only one who saw a similarity between the Republican debates and a Kraftwerk concert? http://t.co/LXKsL3cGfM
Medical marijuana is finally legal in Nevada. Just in case people needed one more way to help them make a bad decision in Nevada.
Congratulations to Jon Stewart on an incredible achievement in comedy. Sadly, now it's back to getting all my news from Geraldo #DailyShow
I’m so curious as to who will be the 45th president and the 46th Republican Presidential Candidate.
I think a supercut of Tom Cruise running at top speed could be the cure for male infertility.
Showing @VancityReynolds' #Deadpool trailer earned my show a TV-MA rating tonight. Thanks a fucking lot, Ryan. http://t.co/Qcc6OO8j7D #CONAN
Tonight on #CONAN I learn that not only is #Deadpool a great mercenary, he's also a gentle lover. http://t.co/HPLuMRg7Y7 @VancityReynolds
I’m starting to rethink my polar bear hunting trip with my proctologist.
Siri, where my bitches at?
I tried to take a picture with my phone, and people looked at me like I was an idiot.  Maybe because it was 1973.
I’m on the Proterozoic Diet – I only eat pre-chordates and metazoans.
Hotel front desk workers--when a male calls to complain about the Wi-Fi minutes after checking in, yes he’s doing what you think he’s doing.
Shout out to randomly mentioning people, places and things!
If Pizza Hut really served their pizza in a hut, you couldn’t get me out of there.
I’m on vacation. Please keep Trump popular while I’m gone, I need him in the debates.
Your lap doesn’t really disappear when you stand up, it just goes into storage.
I don’t think I spend too much time on my smartphone at home, and neither do my kids, Candy and Crush.
People talking about their standing desks are the new people talking about their rescue pets.
Root beer with eggs was a big mistake.
Good to be back on the east coast. I missed mosquitoes the size of hawks.
Come on, tell me this doesn’t just scream “US President” http://t.co/oCoJDbYacD
Pluto’s letting the publicity get to his head – he just signed on for the next “Entourage” movie.
Presidential candidate Lincoln Chafee is polling at 0%. I guess the country isn’t ready for a President named “Lincoln.”
Can someone give me the contact info for El Chapo’s contractor? Thx.
I now regret naming my son “Atticus” and my daughter “Bill Cosby.”
